I reviewed the Portfolio Analyzer code. The architecture is good and Company Monitor data is already loaded, but please make the following focused improvements.

1. Fix Company Monitor matching

Portfolio positions may use Saxo symbols such as “NOVO B”, while Company Monitor may be stored under another ticker such as “NVO”.

Do not assume the Saxo display symbol always equals the Company Monitor repository key.

Use a stable instrument identifier or stored ticker mapping when available. At minimum, support an alias mapping between the portfolio position and the corresponding Company Monitor analysis.

Log a warning only when no matching Company Monitor analysis can actually be found.

2. Define information priority in the OpenAI prompt

Add these rules:

Information priority:

1. Current portfolio positions, position sizes and cash
2. Existing Company Monitor analyses for held companies
3. Sector Monitor
4. Event Monitor
5. Market Monitor
6. News Monitor
7. Web search

Company-specific information should take priority over broad macro commentary when assessing an individual holding.

Broad market information should only affect a position assessment when it is materially relevant.

3. Use web search as verification and supplementation

Replace the current instruction that forces OpenAI to rebuild everything from web search.

Tell OpenAI:

Use the supplied module analyses as the primary analytical context.

Use web search to verify recent developments and identify important information published after the stored analyses.

Do not disregard or unnecessarily repeat the supplied analyses.

If fresh web information conflicts with stored context, prefer the newer reliable information and mention the conflict in the analysis.

4. Keep Portfolio Analyzer separate from Trade Decision Engine

Do not recommend explicit buy, sell, trim, add or hedge actions in this module.

Recommended actions should use language such as:

Monitor
Review
Investigate
Watch
Reassess after
Prepare for

For example, replace:

“Consider trimming Serve Robotics ahead of earnings”

with:

“Review Serve Robotics exposure before earnings because event risk is high.”

Trade instructions will belong to a later Trade Decision Engine.

5. Make the portfolio score explainable

Add this field to the JSON:

“scoreDrivers”: [
{
“factor”: “…”,
“impact”: “Positive|Negative”,
“reason”: “…”
}
]

Return approximately 3–6 score drivers.

They should explain why the portfolio received its score without pretending that each factor has a mathematically exact number.

Display Score Drivers below the portfolio score, collapsed by default.

6. Add a concise main conclusion

Add this field:

“mainConclusion”: {
“title”: “…”,
“reason”: “…”
}

It should contain the single most important conclusion about the portfolio in one short title and one concise explanation.

Display it near the top, before the Executive Summary.

7. Improve analytical balance

Add this prompt rule:

Evaluate both the positive and negative consequences of major portfolio characteristics.

For example, a large cash position may provide flexibility but may also create opportunity cost.

Avoid one-sided conclusions.

8. Reduce repetition

Add this prompt rule:

Do not repeat the same conclusion in Executive Summary, Weaknesses, Risks, Position Comments, Recommended Actions and Things to Watch.

Each section must contribute a different type of information.

Keep Executive Summary concise, preferably no more than approximately 120 words.

9. Make conclusions evidence-based

Replace the general instruction “Explain your reasoning” with:

Explain why each important conclusion follows from the portfolio data, stored module context or verified current information.

Avoid generic investment language.

Clearly distinguish confirmed facts, expectations and analytical judgement.

10. Update the JSON schema

Use the existing structure, but add:

“mainConclusion”: {
“title”: “…”,
“reason”: “…”
},
“scoreDrivers”: [
{
“factor”: “…”,
“impact”: “Positive|Negative”,
“reason”: “…”
}
]

Update the OpenAPI schema, generated types, backend validation and frontend together.

Keep all existing repository behaviour, retry handling, System Log integration and overall UI design unchanged.