The first module, Market Monitor, is now complete.

Please create the second analysis module called Event Monitor.

Follow the same architecture, coding style and visual design as Market Monitor.

Create Event Monitor as a separate backend module and a separate frontend dashboard card. Do not place the Event Monitor logic inside the Market Monitor files.

Register a separate API endpoint for Event Monitor.

Use the existing shared OpenAI service and the OpenAI Responses API with web search. Do not create a new OpenAI integration.

Use the existing Analysis Repository. After a successful and validated analysis, store the complete Event Monitor result under the module key:

event-monitor

Do not store invalid, incomplete or failed results.

Event Monitor must also read the latest Market Monitor result from the Analysis Repository before creating its analysis. Use that result only as context to help prioritize relevant upcoming events. Do not simply repeat the Market Monitor analysis.

The purpose of Event Monitor is to identify the most important upcoming events that are likely to affect financial markets during the next 14 days.

It is not a general news summary.

It should search for and evaluate events such as:

Central bank meetings and interest-rate decisions
Inflation releases
Employment reports
GDP releases
Major company earnings
Trade-policy announcements
Tariff decisions
Important regulatory decisions
Geopolitical events with a known or likely date
Other significant scheduled market catalysts

Prefer official sources whenever possible, such as central banks, government statistics agencies, stock exchanges, company investor-relations pages and official institutions.

Reputable financial news sources may be used for context and expected market impact.

Return only structured JSON from OpenAI.

Use this data structure:

{
“summary”: “”,
“nextMajorEvent”: {
“title”: “”,
“date”: “YYYY-MM-DD”,
“countdownDays”: 0
},
“events”: [
{
“title”: “”,
“date”: “YYYY-MM-DD”,
“category”: “”,
“importance”: “High | Medium | Low”,
“affectedMarkets”: [
“”
],
“expectedImpact”: “”,
“reason”: “”
}
],
“sources”: [
{
“title”: “”,
“url”: “”,
“published”: “YYYY-MM-DD”
}
]
}

The summary must contain no more than four short sentences.

Return a maximum of five events.

Sort the events first by importance and then by date.

Do not return duplicate events.

Each event must contain:

A short title
The event date
A category
An importance level
The main affected markets or sectors
A short expected-impact description
A short explanation of why the event matters

Keep all text concise and suitable for display in a dashboard card.

The nextMajorEvent field must point to the most important upcoming event from the events list.

countdownDays must be calculated by the server based on the current date, not trusted directly from the AI response.

Validate the complete response with a shared schema before saving or displaying it.

Create a new Event Monitor card on the existing dashboard.

Use the same overall layout, spacing, typography, card style, loading state, error state and update-button behaviour as Market Monitor.

The Event Monitor card should display:

Last update time
Analysis duration
Summary
Next Major Event
Upcoming Events
Sources button

For Next Major Event, display:

Event title
Date
Number of days until the event

For each event in Upcoming Events, display:

Date
Importance
Category
Title
Expected Impact

The full reason text may be shown in a compact expandable area or tooltip if needed, but do not make the card overly large.

Do not display the source list permanently inside the card.

Use the same Sources popup or modal pattern as Market Monitor. The popup should show source title, publication date and clickable link.

The Event Monitor card must be a separate GUI component and must not change the existing Market Monitor card.

Do not add:

A database
Automatic scheduling
Notifications
Calendar integration
Historical views
Portfolio functionality
Live stock prices
Saxo Bank integration
New navigation pages
Other analysis modules

Only implement Event Monitor using the existing architecture.

After implementation, test:

Successful Event Monitor analysis
Reading Market Monitor context from the Analysis Repository
Missing Market Monitor data
Invalid OpenAI JSON
No events found
Duplicate events
Past event dates
More than five returned events
Correct event sorting
Correct server-calculated countdown
Saving the validated result under event-monitor
Loading and error states
Sources popup
Desktop and mobile dashboard layout