The Market Monitor is working well and I am happy with the overall architecture. I would now like to improve the quality, consistency and trustworthiness of the analysis without changing the architecture.

Please make the following improvements:

1. Extend the JSON response with a new field called “sources”. It should contain the sources actually used during the web search.

Example:

“sources”: [
{
“title”: “…”,
“url”: “…”,
“published”: “…”
}
]

Include between 3 and 6 recent sources.

Do not include URLs or citations anywhere else in the response.

2. Keep the summary short.

Maximum 40 words.

It should provide a quick executive overview that can be read in a few seconds.

3. Prefer sectors over individual companies.

Only mention specific companies if they are the primary reason for today’s market movement.

4. Keep every array between 1 and 3 items.

Only include the most important observations.

5. Use objective language.

Avoid words like “significant”, “dramatic” or “strong” unless today’s sources clearly support those descriptions.

6. Continue using web search and prefer high-quality financial sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Times, Wall Street Journal, CNBC, Yahoo Finance, official exchanges and central banks.

Avoid using opinion articles or old market outlook reports as evidence for today’s market conditions.

7. If the returned JSON does not exactly match the expected schema, reject it and retry once.

Do not display partially parsed data.

8. Display the sources at the bottom of the Market Monitor panel.

Each source should show:

* Title
* Publication date
* Clickable link

9. Display additional information in the panel:

* Last updated
* Analysis duration

10. Keep the existing architecture exactly as it is.

Do not redesign the application.

Do not add new modules.

Do not add a database.

Do not change the project structure.

Only improve the existing Market Monitor.

Finally, after completing these improvements, review the entire Market Monitor implementation as a senior software engineer and refactor only where it improves readability, maintainability and robustness without changing the functionality.